(🎁) Remove redundant parenthesis in subscript operations (#3680)
psf/black: CHANGES.md

- Implicitly concatenated strings used as function args are no longer wrapped inside
  parentheses (#3640)

> - Redundant parenthesis are removed from `__getitem__`/`__setitem__` calls (#3680)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Redundant parentheses are removed from subscript operations (#3680)
```
